gh-87691: clarify use of anchor in pathlib docs (#100782)
python/cpython: Doc/library/pathlib.rst

access a filesystem.  There are three ways to access these classes, which
we also call *flavours*:

.. class:: PurePath(*pathcomponents)

   A generic class that represents the system's path flavour (instantiating
   it creates either a :class:`PurePosixPath` or a :class:`PureWindowsPath`)::

      >>> PurePath('setup.py')      # Running on a Unix machine
      PurePosixPath('setup.py')

   Each element of *pathcomponents* can be either a string representing a
   path component, an object implementing the :class:`os.PathLike` interface
   which returns a string, or another path object::

      >>> PurePath('foo', 'some/path', 'bar')
      PurePosixPath('foo/some/path/bar')
      >>> PurePath(Path('foo'), Path('bar'))
      PurePosixPath('foo/bar')

   When *pathcomponents* is empty, the current directory is assumed::

      >>> PurePath()
      PurePosixPath('.')

>    If a component is an absolute path, all previous components are thrown away

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If a component is an absolute path, all previous components are ignored
```
"thrown away" feels a bit too informal for the docs

Author: I was matching os.path.join https://docs.python.org/3/library/os.path.html#os.path.join, but sure, I can update!

   (like :func:`os.path.join`')::

      >>> PurePath('/etc', '/usr', 'lib64')
      PurePosixPath('/usr/lib64')
      >>> PureWindowsPath('c:/Windows', 'd:bar')
      PureWindowsPath('d:bar')

>    On Windows, the drive letter is not reset when a drive-less absolute path

Reviewer: Is the drive necessarily one letter?

Author: Good question, I think the drive can be a UNC path. This also would need to get fixed in the os.path.join documentation: https://docs.python.org/3/library/os.path.html#os.path.join

```pycon 
>>> PureWindowsPath("hello", "//host/computer/dir", "/asdf")
PureWindowsPath('//host/computer/asdf')

>>> ntpath.join("hello", "//host/computer/dir", "/asdf")
'//host/computer/asdf'
```

I'll update to "drive" and open a second PR for os.path.join if @barneygale concurs

Reviewer 2: "drive" makes more sense to me too.

      >>> PurePath()
      PurePosixPath('.')

   If a segment is an absolute path, all previous segments are ignored

>    (like :func:`os.path.join`')::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   (like :func:`os.path.join`)::
```

Stray `'` character

      >>> PurePath('/etc', '/usr', 'lib64')
      PurePosixPath('/usr/lib64')
      >>> PureWindowsPath('c:/Windows', 'd:bar')
      PureWindowsPath('d:bar')

>    On Windows, the drive is not reset when a drive-less absolute path

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   On Windows, the drive is not reset when a rooted relative path
```

In pathlib, absolute Windows paths must contain a drive and a root, so a "drive-less absolute path" is a non sequitur.

Operators
^^^^^^^^^

The slash operator helps create child paths, like :func:`os.path.join`.

> If the argument is an absolute path, the previous path components are thrown away.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the argument is an absolute path, the previous path components are ignored.
```

> On Windows, the drive is not reset when the argument is a drive-less
> absolute path (e.g., ``r'\foo'``)::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On Windows, the drive is not reset when the argument is a rooted
relative path (e.g., ``r'\foo'``)::
```
